# CS340
<hr>1.How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?<br>
To accomplish this, I made sure to comment each section. This allowed me to quickly look through the code and uderstand what each section was accomplishing. I also made sure to create functions that were modular. This made it so i could easily edit them for future projects and changes and they would not affect the other functions. It allowed me to easily change how the connection to the database was made, switching from being hardcoded to taking in an input. I also made sure to set the functions up on a similar way. It allowed me to break each down and utilize previosu code. Because of how this CRUD module works, it can be used to work with any database. It could be used in a similar way in which an application is created that can query the database. It could also be expanded on to a point were it could better update the database.
<hr>2.How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist?<br>
I would say that approachng a problem as a computer scientist involves breaking down the problem. It first involves pinpointing what the specific problem is. With programming, small errors can throw multiple exeptions and look like it is something completely different. After the problem is found, it needs to be broke down into smaller problems. So for each of these projects, I would comstantly get mutlple errors while trying to launch the application. To solve the problem, I would continue to figure out what each error was stating. I would than fix that error and move on to the next one. I think this is something that I have not typically had to do in previous courses. This has taught me to not get overwhelmed by the list of errors that need to be fixed and to start with what I know. I would then research into each error I didn't know one at a time untill I found a solution. 
<hr>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter?<br>
Computer scientist work to solve a problem and to provide a catered solution to the customers. This is important because of the infinate number of solutions that exist and the equally infinate number of problems. While a lot of techniques and methods exist, their are still many combinations of programs that need to worked with and adapted. The goal is to be able to provide a solution to help customers complete their goals. In this case it was to help the customer locate potential rescue animals that could assist in emergancies. While database queries already exist, they are not user friendly in a way that a click of a button can provide results that are needed. This is a similar situation that will occur through a computer scientists career. They are able to be creative and problem solve in ways that help others. 
